# Hungry Turtle Path Planner
Plan a 2D path for a mobile robot given poor quality and uncertain data in a dynamically changing environment.

Many planners are designed to operate in an environment that is well mapped.  This planner is designed for unmapped environments.  It attempts to operate as if were a slow moving animal with poor vision that walks in a general direction and tries not to bump into things or run off a cliff.  Hence the name "Hungry Turtle".

The idea is that a robot is a hungry turtle who is dropped into a place it has never been before (and hence has no map but smells food in a general direction.  The turtle walks to the smell while trying to not collide with obstacles it can see.  But distant obstacles are obscured by the closer ones so it cannot fully plan a path.  And the turtle is not so stupid to try a depth-first search for the food because being so slow he hates backtracking.    So he does his best to walk in the direction of smell while not bumping into rocks or walking over a cliff.  He walks around what he can see because that is all the turtle can do.  

It is assumed there is a high-level path planner that gives this planner a "goal point" that is relatively close.  This planner will apply real-time sensor data to avoid collision with obstacles.   We assume the sensor data is imprecise and not well localized.   The algorithm is like A* but with a recursion depth limit that may stop the search before it finds a complete path.    But thinking again about the turtle, It does not know its exact location. It can only walk in a general direction while trying to avoid only what it can see.    